Add limitation (#16)
Happyr/service-mocking: README.md

## Limitations

This trick will not work if you have two different PHP processes, i.e. you are running

> your tests with Panther, Selenium etc. or if your service is final.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your tests with Panther, Selenium etc. 

We can also not create a proxy if your service is final.
```
